Okay...
So many....
Hmm...
I am very like  .. hard to find his...
I guess they kinda look like Hollywood guys. (***)
Like a yogurt. You know how they switch their flavors? (***)
Usually around Valentine's Day, I should go now to see if they have something.
(***) red velvet (***)
frozen yogurt and then i think dairy queen
Will have like a red velvet blusher
I love it...
And in those stories, what's the only cause? (***)
Somebody told me that red velvet is like a version of chocolate cake.
It's a titan. (***)
Family ... Yeah...
Ha.. ha.. I love ice cream.
I love cheese, but I can't have a lot of it.
Because.. Then  I  get too...too sweet
And I... (***)
I like this one thing my mom taught me how to make, it's so easy and so good
I even won a contest at my friend's house. Yeah..
That was good.
Square..One square of Philadelphia cream cheese.
And then one cans of condensed milk ego brand
And then.. teaspoon of vanilla
And then.. (***)
I don't know what to say. (***)
And so..
(***)
How many  put it in a brown cracker crust.
Oh, it's pie. Yeah, throw it in the freezer.
(***)
You have a seat.
Yeah, I can write it down because it's really easy.
And to get the ingredients, it's probably like $10.
Do you like to bake?
Hmm...
Ha..
Ha, ha, ha...
Ohhhh...
Another one I really like
I always get this for my birthdays. Yellow cake and chocolate frosting.
you
No...  it's like you buy it and it's like chrome.
Crocker or Pillsbury and then they have the Frostbite
It's really easy.
Yeah, but then I didn't run her down, I fell back down too.(***)
But if you put soda in it, like a can of soda, put it in the microwave, it'll cook.
Yeah, you should google it. It's like soda cake or something.
You can make it in like 30 minutes or something.
Yeah...
Ha..ha..
Ohhhh...
You know what, a bullet journal, instead of having lines in it,
has the dots. You can use those to draw.
and you can make like your own calendar or whatever
Won thing..so much time and
(***)
(***) and stickers. I just love  that. I just (***) a little girl
I don't know what state this is in and like you can track, keep track of like
Your moods or your house
a military missile (***)
You can put a lot of stuff in there
And it's just fun because you switch it up. The one thing that's hard about it...
You want it to be perfect. But sometimes you'll mess up a line.
You know and it's just not gonna be perfect and you're like...
Oh wow, like a cat changing.
It's already out there and you don't have a big old whiteout.
I like it
Can I use a simplified version for Word to like...
Like I put my tasks on there.
And then whatever task that I didn't finish that week, I'll put it to the next week.
(***)
But I just think it was all these washi tapes.
to basically recharge both of them. And this one...(***)
It's kind of expensive (***) directly
And they have beautiful washi tape.
Ha..ha.. You report..
I love Daiso washi tape.
Yeah.
It looks like it's tall. It's like a dollar so you can't eat it.
Really? There was a time when I was really making
(***)
and then I used washi tape and marbles to decorate it.
I put them in a thing so when I take it out.